Improve reusability of --dump-inputs output (#6812)
verilator/verilator: docs/internals.rst

Verilator creates a *{mod_prefix}*\ __inputs.vpp file containing all the
files that were read, filtered by preprocessing. This file can be fed back
into Verilator, replacing on the command line all of the previous input
files, to enable simplification of test cases. This file also contains most
command line arguments Verilator was invoked as `// verialtor fargs``
metacomments, with and can be parsed by ``-f``, so to reproduce the run that

> created the file, it is possible to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metacomments, with and can be parsed by ``-f`. So to reproduce the run that
created the file, run:
```
